Xiaobei, don't think about anything now
Sleep quietly for a while
I'll sketch for you later.
Sister, don't go
Stay right here with me
Ah, not going anywhere
I will bet everything
With everyone in this house
Fight to the death
Thanks a lot.
Everyone, come to my little beauty's reception
Mrs. Ye's brother is a famous painter
Can you clean him up?
It's our pleasure.
I heard that Ling's brother's masterpiece will be exhibited today
Are we going to feast our eyes later?
I don't know Mrs. Ye
Can you give us
Can you reveal the content of this play?
Sorry.
I have always respected the ideas of my family Xiaobei
So the thing about his painting
I won't cross the road either
Haha, I respect him so much.
It's a blessing to support his sister Lili
I heard that Ling Di is best at ancient portraits
It's not Mrs. Ye who will draw today, is it?
Maybe. Let's talk slowly
I'll go see Xiaobei first, okay?
Yu Tai drink slowly
Xiaobei found it.